Hello! Thank you for being here! Thank you for considering my candidacy for an open position and inviting me for an interview!

My name is Yelena Zimin. Please listen to me carefully, and I apologize in advance for my accent. My first and native language is Russian,
and my second language is English. As you already know, I am looking for a job, and I wish to find a job suitable with my skills, abilities,
experience and knowledge.

I gained experience and knowledge at the professional institute Tel-Ran by Starta Institute, which is located in Berlin, Germany.
My training lasted from April 2023 until my graduation date mm/dd/yyyy. My training took place online via Zoom with real professional
instructors and in a group with real students. We had the opportunity to exchange experiences with each other through social media
networks and completed projects and tasks in teams through the online connections available to us. In terms of direction, I chose the
profession of Back-End Java developer that was more interesting to me. My internship took place at the same institute. We developed projects
such as: an application for playing battleship game and an application for playing solitaire game; we created applications for sorting books
on a shelf according to special book data (by author, by publishing year, by title, by category). We created arrays of lists and worked with
them, inputting and outputting changes to the lists in the arrays and sorting the lists. To more efficiently and quickly traverse lists and
arrays, we used methods and cycles. We worked with different types of data in lists, these are: strings, integers, fractional numbers,
numbers with several digits after the decimal point, with symbolic data such as (usernames and passwords on social networks). This is my
activity in the field of Back-End Java developer.

I gained management experience working for myself in my company, YZPN Master Construction, which I created with my husband in May 2014,
in Portland, Oregon, and we have now continued our business in Jacksonville, Florida. Our services that we offer are professional tile laying
and everything related to these services! My responsibility is Responsible Managing Individual in everything and wherever it is needed! I
realized that leadership individuals set the rhythm and mode of work for the entire group of involved colleagues. I communicated and worked
with builders, with contractors, with subcontractor, with clients, and with employees. At construction sites, I met with clients to discuss
details and requests for projects, to measure the area of new projects. I coordinated projects related to laying and dismantling
tiles! My responsibilities in the office include complete documentation, timely provision of necessary forms, legalization and registration
of business (business registration, abn registration, business licensing, business insurance, business bond, & business training).

Here is a description of the work I am most often involved in:
1-Find a client,
2-Contact the client,
3-Make an appointment,
4-Collect details and measurements about the project,
5-Calculate project costs,
6-Complete a project estimate,
7-Print the estimate,
8-Scan the estimate,
9-Send the assessment to the client,
10-Negotiate and agree on the assessment,
11-Does the client agree? yes/no,
11a-If No/ then start from point No. 1,
12-If Yes/ then prepare a contract with details of the agreed work and necessary materials for this project,
13-Request a contract signature,
13a-Request and receive an advance payment for project costs/expenses,
14-Order the necessary materials,
15-Notify the client about the date of delivery of the materials,
16-Set a start date for the project (bear in mind the delivery date of the ordered material),
17-Notify the client about the necessary readiness of the area for the start of the project work (details),
18-Be available and in touch (phone, text, email),
19-It is important to meet the client on the project on the start day of the project and introduce the workers to the client and make sure all is set as planned,
20-Bring workers up to date on all the details of the project,
21-Negotiate during project work,
22-Notify the client about the project process (when? what?),
23-If there are changes and requests? -Take action,
24-Monitor the quality of work of workers,
24a-Monitor that safety is obeyed by all works that are involved in the project,
25-Resolve misunderstandings,
26-At the end of the project, go through all stages of the project with the client and make sure that he is happy and satisfied,
27-If point No. 26 -Yes? then the project is successful,
27a-If point No. 26 -No? then return to point No. 23,
28-When the client is satisfied, request a signature as confirmation,
29-Request reviews and comments (google listing, reviews, rates, ask for share w/others),
30-Prepare an invoice (invoice report),
31-Make sure that payment for services provided is received on time,
32-Pay bills and pay employees,
33-Thank all employees involved in the project,
34-Thank the client in writing for their trust (email, postcard, text),
35-Rest and take breaks ( do not forget),
36-In case of Misunderstandings and Accidental failures, it is IMPORTANT to resolve them successfully!
37-Calculations of business costs,
38-Regular necessary annual archiving of projects (depending on guarantees, photography, confirmations, documents, contracts),
39-Monitor the website updates,
40-Update information on pages in various social networks for business networks.

This is something that will help you understand my skills, knowledge, experiences and abilities a little more!

And now, please, I would like a little more of your attention to my following qualities:
1) I am responsible, 2) Attentive to details and little things, 3) Open to help, 4) Loyal, and 5) Friendly to everyone!

A close-knit team like a family is very important to me; in such a team I see myself more productive!

In our world of diverse cultures and nationalities, I pay due attention to good relationships and expect mutual respect from person to person regardless of their position, status, religion, gender or orientation! Every person is dear, valuable, and needed here and now!

I enjoy learning something new with great interest! So new products interest me, especially if they are daily necessary and vital!

Why do I want to get a job in your company? I decided to try myself and use my skills, abilities, experience, and knowledge in another and new field for me, this is the field of Back-End Java developer. This is an unusual and new area of work for me, but I hope that it is in your company that I can achieve greater success, and I hope that I will become a necessary link for productivity in your team! And you are looking for the necessary employee for your company. I hope for mutually beneficial cooperation!

Is there an internship opportunity? I am ready to temporarily agree to a salary of $...../month or more for the internship period. And if my candidacy for this open position is fully confirmed, after completing the internship, I ask you to take into account my request for a salary of at least $...../month!

If you hire me? Are you ready to pay me $...../month?

I thank you for listening to me! Thank you for giving me the opportunity to talk about myself! Thank you for the chance and employment opportunity!

Maybe you prepared questions for me or questions arose while you were listening to my presentation? Please feel free to ask your questions now...

Thank you all again for your attention!

"C:\Users\bogyp\OneDrive\Pictures\Camera Roll\Video EN.mp4"

https://youtu.be/B7wJFjm3g8U?si=fN0Qimdz9PNDXNQ9